[MUSIC]
>> Kyle Simpson: I also do
a lot of conference speaking.
I won't belabor this too much, cuz I'm
already talking too long about myself.
I don't wanna waste your time
droning on about myself.
But I do wanna highlight
just one quick thing.
These are some of the conference talks
I've done over the last several years,
and there's all kinds of video and
slides up online if you're interested.
But I'll highlight just one of them,
it's the browser versions are dead talk.
And if this is at all interesting to you,
this topic when I explain it,
there's a video of that talk up
at browserversionsaredead.com.
And I highly recommend that you go,
take a brown bag lunch,
take 45 minutes at lunch at work some day,
sit down with your team, and
listen to that, and you can totally decide
that you disagree with everything I say,
but, I hope that it will
spark some good conversation.
The premise of this talk
is that our industry for
the last, more than a decade now,
has been guided by a set of lies and
misconceptions that have been forced upon
us by actors from outside of our industry.
People like marketing departments,
sales departments, CEOs, clients,
people that don't understand
how the platform works,
have been trying to dictate to
us how the platform should work.
And as professionals I think it's time for
us to start pushing back and
asking some difficult questions and
saying maybe that's not how we
should be letting our platform run.
The first of those questions,
the first of those lies and
misconceptions is that
the browser version even matters.
You hear all the time the people say, I'd
love to do that but I still have to quote
unquote support IE 6 or fill in the blank
with whatever particular browser version
or browser vendor that is your hated one
at the moment, and I think that actually
leads to this misconception that the
browser version matters, cuz in reality
it's just an arbitrary marketing label
attached to an arbitrary set of features.
What we should really care about
are the features themselves.
We should be talking about what features
we require, what features we support,
and any other software discipline besides
the web platform has embraced that for
four decades or more.
If you look at Linux programs that were
written 30 years ago, they were feature
testing every single thing that they used,
but that's sort of a relatively new
mindset that we've adopted in the web and
I think we need to do more of that.
You shouldn't rely on a production feature
unless you're feature testing for it.
You shouldn't assume that because you're
in IE7, you have some feature or not.
The other bigger, important lie that I
think we need to attack is this idea that
a site or an application should be
designed and built in such a way that it
works, feels, and behaves exactly the same
in all browsers and all versions.
Because, again, this outside of our
platform that's a ludicrous concept for
you to suggest I wrote a piece
of software today, and
I expect it to work the same on
a Linux server from thirty years ago.
That's not the way that the rest of
the software discipline treats software.
It's an evolving thing.
Different features get turned on and
turned off and things.
So I think we should build our sites and
applications to be responsive to
the environments that they run in.
If you have a file upload feature
built into your social network and
you're running in a browser
that doesn't have file upload,
instead of just blocking users and
saying sorry you can not come into my
social network cuz you're on a crappy
browser, which is what a lot of people do,
I think we should just simply
hide the file upload feature.
And it doesn't take a lot of extra effort
to think about layering your applications
to turn things on and off,
provide fall-backs, and so forth.
So these are questions that
I'm trying to push back on and
give you questions to ask and
push back on those key players.
Now, the reality is that 99% of the time,
when you push back and you
tell your client, we don't wanna build it
that way, here's a better way to build it.
They're gonna tell you, that's all fine
and good, but you still have to do it.
So, you're gonna lose that
battle 99% of the time.
But I like to tell people that you will
lose 100% of the battles that you never
fight and
only 99% of the ones that you do fight.
So, these are questions that we need to,
as professionals, we own this industry and
we own our platform.
It's all of us and we need to ask those
challenging questions and push back so
that we can, like I said, and
stop living 10 years in the past and
start living 10 years in the future.
So, lastly about myself,
as many of you probably know,
I have been writing a series of books
called You Don't Know JavaScript.
The first title's Scope and Closures is
out in actual printed physical book form.
You can find that from O'Reilly,
Amazon all those other places.
I'm writing them for free,
totally in the open, so
if you go to youdontknowjs.com,
redirects to the Github repo,
they're completely open
released under the CC3 license.
So I'm writing them in the open and then
O'Reilly has been gracious enough to agree
to professionally edit and publish those.
The second title is already
complete in terms of draft.
The editing is in its final stages, and
that should go to publish within
the next few weeks, hopefully.
There's a plan for
five titles in the series.
And it's very aggressive, but
we're hoping that all five titles
should be out before the fall.
So, there's quite a bit of writing
that I'm doing on this series.
Most of the stuff that I'm gonna teach
you today comes from these books.
The whole first section that we talked
about, about Scope and hoisting and all.
If you've read the book or
if you know anything about the book.
Basically, the books are sort of the
written form of the trainings that I give.
So it's all sort of typed together and
these books are a good place to go and
read further beyond what we teach today.
That's it for stuff about myself.
That was long and really boring.
Let's get to more interesting stuff.
Let me make a couple of
other recommendations.
I don't get any benefit whatsoever,
no kickbacks, but
I do recommend both of these
books as fantastic books.
The first one is High Performance
Java Script by Nicholas Zakas.
Now this one's a few years old, but
Nicholas is writing as I understand,
an updated version of this book.
So, hopefully there will be a second
edition of that coming out,
it's a fantastic book to read.
The other one,
Stoyan Stefanov's JavaScript Patterns.
Really, really rigid, formal look,
design patterns applied to JavaScript.
I don't agree with everything
that's written in these books, but
they're fantastic books to read.
So I highly recommend you check them out,
really smart guys that wrote those.